♪ MTV
[Dwight]
I am absolutely,
100% not guilty.
I find him innocent.
- Not guilty, dude.
- [laughter]
Is everyone high here?
You chose to have a mock trial
in a weed shop.
Is it a crime to do
something nice for somebody?
[forewoman]
We the jury find the defendant,
Dwight Manfredi, not guilty.
[cheering]
Give my best to Thresher.
This is goodbye.
I'm being transferred
- to Anchorage.
- Alaska?
What do you want from me?
It's 30,000 in cash.
I like to help people.
[Goodie]
We have a visitor.
You don't even want
to offer me a taste?
Tulsa belongs to me.
[Bevilaqua] I'm gonna send Carl
back with a proposition.
Be good for both of us.
Time for a regime change.
Just get Dwight outside,
and I'll take care of the rest.
Mr. Bevilaqua sends his regards.
- [grunting]
- [blade stabbing]
What'd I miss?
Me. Hopefully.
♪ dramatic music
♪
♪ slow, dramatic music
[crow cawing]
[exhales]
You sure you're good?
Yeah, man, I'm good, man.
Yeah.
- All right, dude.
- All right.
I'll see you later, Tyson.
[engine receding]
♪ slow, somber music
♪
[engine approaching]
So how'd it go?
Mission accomplished.
Mm. How was Tyson?
Kid did good.
[grunts softly]
All right, you know what to do,
hang around here,
- keep your eyes open, okay?
- Yes, sir.
[Joanne]
Dwight?
What are you doing up?
- Were you waiting for me?
- Couldn't sleep.
Which is what happens
when I feel things are off.
Nothing's off.
Did you forget
who you're talking to?
No, I don't forget.
But I'm beat.
I need to get some sleep.
This feels like the old days.
You know? The bad old days.
What are you talking about,
bad old days?
Everything's fine.
Dwight, I know you.
I know you like I know myself.
We're in
a high-security neighborhood
and you've got muscle
parked outside.
Jesus Christ, Dwight,
you were lucky to get off
the last thing
and now there's something else?
There's no problem,
I promise you.
Are we in danger?
- Answer me that.
- No.
That's not true.
- What do you want from me, Jo?
- How about the fucking truth?
If you have a problem,
everybody around you does.
What happened?
Things went sideways.
Meaning what?
Meaning I took out a made man
from Kansas City,
'cause he was coming for me.
Uh, how did it start?
This shit doesn't just happen.
[sighs]
He wanted part of our action.
Part of my business.
Well, does he run things
around here?
He did.
But I told him "No more."
So you provoked, and then
you killed one of theirs?
They're coming for you.
Or your people. Or us.
♪ slow, suspenseful music
♪
I-I need to think.
Okay?
[sniffles]
♪ percussive, upbeat music
♪
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Tyson] What up, Pop? What you
got going on this morning?
Oh, you stay over?
Yeah, I was in the neighborhood.
Just figured I could come crash
with y'all for the night.
Yeah, well,
the van wouldn't start,
needed a new alternator,
and now I'm late for work.
Come here,
maybe you can learn something.
All right, so, once it's in,
you reattach the belt,
reconnect the wires.
- Right, right, right.
- Right? And once that's done,
you replace and tighten
the negative battery cable.
You listening to me?
Yeah, you...
- What'd I say?
- Yeah, the-the cable,
the-the cable, it's...
Boy, get behind the wheel.
All right?
- [sighs]
- And turn the ignition
when I give you the signal.
- Not before.
- All right, let me know.
[metal clicking]
All right, crank it.
[engine sputtering]
- [engine starts]
- Come on. [laughs]
Yeah.
Huh? You hear how smooth
that engine is?
It's like it's saying
"Thank you."
More like begging for mercy.
Ain't it time to trade this in?
You done had it
about ten years now.
- Ten?
- Yeah.
Try 16.
- [exhales]
- And ain't nothing wrong
with it a little elbow grease
can't fix.
Dad, you-you-you bust your ass.
You deserve a new ride.
Ah, shit, I ain't owned a ride
in my entire life.
Right?
I've only had workhorses
so I can keep
the lights on in there.
Here, let me...
let me just give you
a few dollars.
Boy, put that back
in your pocket.
Dad, I'm here
doing laundry every week.
The least I can do
is give you a contribution.
Well, when I'm gone, you can
help take care of your mother.
- Meantime, I got to get to work.
- Me, too.
Is that what you calling it?
Go on, get to work.
[Dwight]
Good. Good, good. Harder.
Put the hand on the should...
and turn it over
like a screwdriver.
It... very good.
On the back foot,
now twist that hand.
- My turn.
- Step into it. Relax there,
grasshopper,
you'll get your turn.
Now you're knocking them dead.
I like that.
What on Earth
are you teaching them, Dad?
I'm teaching them how not
to lose their lunch money,
- like I taught you.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
- Well,
they'll be attending a school
with a zero-tolerance policy
for violence.
Plus I want to teach them
some conflict resolution.
Well, nothing resolves
a conflict
like a good smack
in the chops, guys.
That takes care of everything.
How about telling your teachers?
Hmm? Mm...
Wait a minute. Ratting?
I have zero tol...
Look at me, guys.
No ratting. You understand?
No cheese-eating.
You never drop a dime
on anybody. You got it?
- Don't be a snitch.
- All right.
Go get ready.
- Yeah, lesson's over.
- All right.
- [laughs]
- Go kick some ass.
See you later, champs.
- [Ryan] Am I going?
- [Tina] You're coming, too.
[Tina]
Go get ready. Let's go.
[laughter]
[Vince] So she goes,
"You're very insulting."
I said, "What's the difference
between a cocktail waitress
and a stripper?
About two and a half weeks."
[laughter]
What the fuck is funny?
You got nothing else
better to do
than sit around all day,
tell fucking jokes?
Fuck's with you?
Goodie didn't happen.
Fucked us over.
What do you mean,
it didn't happen?
He killed Caputo.
Bevilaqua's guy.
Dwight's still alive?
- [phone vibrating]
- Lying sack of shit.
Fucking Roy Rogers calling me.
B.B.
[Bevilaqua over phone]
Did you know?
Look, I-I-I just found out.
What's that mean?
You're in on it
or you're just fucking stupid?
- Hey, easy.
- No, fuck "easy."
I woke up this morning
with a dead body
at the foot of my driveway.
- What if my wife saw that?
- Jesus, Bill.
I can't even give him
a proper funeral.
- You didn't kill him.
- Does that matter?
I need to be involved
in a murder investigation
- like I need a second asshole.
- Bill--
You told me this guy Goodie
was on board.
All right, I thought
I could trust him.
He seemed to go along
with the plan.
I'll make things right, okay?
Make it right?
How you gonna make it right?
Y-You gonna bring Carl back?
My right fucking arm!
Can you give me a minute? Huh?
I'll get back to you
by the end of the day
with a proposal.
No, fuck proposals!
I want results!
You understand me?
I want Manfredi dead.
- [disconnect tone]
- Hello?
[Vince]
He fucking hang up on you?
Backward-ass hillbilly.
[sighs]
[rap music playing on stereo]
[Tyson]
All right, where to, boss?
Bred-2-Buck?
[Dwight]
No, let's...
go to Bodhi's first.
I thought Mitch was riding
with us to the wind farm.
No, we'll get him
on the way back.
I got to talk to the guys,
let 'em know
what the hell is going on.
- Yeah, no shit.
- I'm getting tired
of making this speech,
to be honest with you.
- What do you mean?
- Oh, you know,
"Watch your back,"
"We're on high alert,"
and all this other bullshit.
It's like my temper...
my temper gets me in trouble.
I bring a bazooka
when a fucking peashooter
would do.
A peashooter
wouldn't have stopped
- that motherfucker last night.
- Nah.
I'm talking about before,
with Bevilaqua?
You know, I could've cut a deal
that I could live with
instead of telling him
to go fuck himself.
Look, I don't know you
all that well, but I know
you ain't a guy
to do anything halfway.
Hmm.
If you want,
I could talk to everybody.
I don't know.
Let me think about it, you know.
Hey, you know
what "Bevilaqua" means,
whatever his fucked-up name is?
"Hot water."
- [laughs]
- Fucking guy is in hot water.
- Hot water?
- Mr. Jacuzzi.
[laughs]
- Jacuzzi man.
♪ Uh, uh, bring the pain,
uh, uh, bring the pain ♪
♪ Uh, uh, bring the pain
♪ Bring the pain
♪ Let me tell you
about my life story... ♪
Hey, listen up,
sorry for the buzzkill.
The Higher Plane is now closed,
and please leave
through the front door.
If you come back in an hour,
though, you can get some
free, whatever, gummies,
something like that?
Here you go, pal,
happy birthday.
Here you go, take off. Hey.
What are you doing here?
How you doing, pooch?
I thought you were on the wagon.
I stopped drinking.
Weed calms me down.
That's good.
Fred, lock the door and put up
the closed sign, please.
I need to talk to everybody.
[keys jingling]
Where the hell is Grace?
[Clint]
Food poisoning.
Uh, excuse me, why did we
kick out our customers?
What's going on?
What is happening?
[Dwight mutters]
We might have some trouble
coming our way.
Oh.
- What is it this time?
- Last night
someone tried to take me out.
We handled it.
But these guys are
serious players.
- And they can keep coming--
- Okay, no.
I'm done. Fuck this.
Wait, wait, wait, I-I got this.
I got this.
[sighs]
Who the fuck are you talking to
in there, man?
I was talking to Dwight.
- That's our boss.
- That is your boss!
He's my fucking partner.
I didn't sign up for this shit.
I didn't sign up for anything.
He fucking extorted me.
- You're a criminal, too.
- White-collar shit.
Fucking stolen crypto,
weed, pilfered goods.
Not murder.
- He was attacked, man.
- And then he handled it?
You think I don't know
what the fuck that means?
- You're better off not knowing.
- Yeah, well,
that's very considerate of you
not to make me
a fucking accessory.
Man, we in this together.
Whether you like it or not.
I don't.
Well, I guess you got
a decision to make.
It's okay?
I don't know.
- All right, I got it.
- I got this, all right?
So, look, we done been down
this road before.
But I guess I got to clarify
some shit for y'all.
We in a dangerous business.
Most of the time
things are fine.
But sometimes
the shit can hit the fan.
Last night it did hit.
Due to a heavy wind that blew
this way from Kansas City.
Are we talking, like, Mafia?
Yes.
The boss of that city,
he somehow made it up
in his head that
Tulsa belongs to his family.
Well, it doesn't
and it never will.
It belongs to our family.
So if any of you
want to leave...
...there's the door.
All right, I got it from here.
[sighs]
Are you okay?
I'm good.
- Oh, fucking shit.
- [Tyson] All right, y'all.
Let's-let's pick up Mitch and
get on the motherfucking road.
- Let's do it.
- Calm down.
- Where you guys headed?
- Galena.
We got wind turbines.
It's a business investment.
[Bodhi]
Yeah, we're, uh,
using them to power
our new hydroponic weed farm.
[exclaims]
Oh!
[chuckles]
Fuck.
♪ upbeat music
♪ suspenseful music
♪
[Thresher]
Explain this to me.
Nothing but grow
until you reach...
here.
What is that?
They're poppies.
Poppies?
You're a minor partner here.
Where the hell
do you get the balls
to manufacture heroin on my land
without my permission?
It's deep within the grow.
No one can see it.
I can see it.
Do you have any idea
what the penalty is for this?
We pay off the right people.
Huh.
People you know.
It's nothing, no problem.
I don't like it.
There are millions to be made.
Get rid of it now.
Sure.
It's your land.
We work for you.
Something else.
A few of the guards
caught two of the trimmers
stealing.
Yeah, great,
we'll take care of that later.
But right now
get that shit off my land.
It's done.
[Sandy]
Bill. Bill.
Bill!
Linda Caputo's been calling.
So?
Carl didn't come home
last night.
Okay.
Do you know where he is?
How do I know?
I don't know.
Can you please stop
doing that for a second?
- Bill!
- Oh, Jesus, Sandy!
Do you see I'm trying
to do something here?
Can you call him at least?
Carl? Why?
Because Linda's worried,
I told you.
Well, then you-you call him.
I'll give you his number.
What the fuck you want from me?
Oh, I don't know,
a little compassion maybe?
Why are you
busting my balls about this?
We're just trying
to find out where he is.
Well, I'm not his secretary, okay?
I'm not responsible
for the choices
that Carl makes, understood?
He's a big boy,
makes his own decisions.
Is he coming home or not?
I don't know.
♪ "Duffle Bag Boi"
by Benny Mayne ♪
♪ I got the leased whip
with the gas in it ♪
♪ I'm a ball hog,
no, I ain't passin' it ♪
♪ Duffel bag boy...
Long ride.
Yeah, but it's
pretty nice out here
- if you're a cow.
- Yeah, if you're a cow.
[laughter]
- Hey, Tyson?
- Yo.
What's that noise
you're listening to?
Come on, man, it's cool.
It's-it's music for the soul.
- You know what I'm saying?
- Oh, is that right?
- I grew up on it.
- Well, if you say so.
Bodhi?
[Mitch]
He can't hear you.
He's got the buds in.
Bodhi!
What the fuck, man?
- Why?
- [laughs]
What are you listening to?
What does it matter?
Well, I'm curious.
What is it?
Phish.
- Fish?
- Yes.
They calm me.
Come on, man,
you can't listen to a fish.
How gullible do you think I am?
How do you listen
to a fucking fish...?
Phish. It's a band.
Phish with a "P-H."
Phish with a "P-H," you know?
Mitch, that's
a very misleading fucking name.
- Hey, I agree, I agree with you.
- You got to admit that.
- It's not, you know, normal.
- [Bodhi] It's a great name.
They're
an improvisational rock band
inspired by The Grateful Dead.
Maybe you should check them out.
So...
- So?
- So...
So...
[sighs]
How many of those have you had?
Ah, too many,
I'll tell you that.
Way too many.
Listen, you want to know
how music started?
Where it all began?
Do I have a choice?
40,000 years ago
or maybe a few thousand years
more than that,
the first instrument
was, like, a flute
made out of bird bone.
Can you imagine?
Some poor guy,
birds flying along,
this caveman grabs it
and starts playing its leg.
- [laughs]
- [Bodhi] Yeah.
Thank you for that anecdote.
And now my life is complete.
That's sarcastic.
Hey, guys, you know, music
changed my life.
Buckle up, here we go.
There was this song called
"On the Road Again."
And it wrecked me.
- By Canned Heat?
- Yeah!
- Canned Heat, exactly.
- Oh, shit.
Music wrecked me, okay?
That song wrecked me.
Yo, watch the--
- Relax.
- Are we done?
No, certainly not.
That's the song!
A little mood music.
[Dwight]
Oh, that fucking song.
This is the song.
Can you believe it?
In 1968,
I'm down on the Lower East Side.
I'm looking for a club
to go into, 'cause I'm bored.
I'm also a little drunk.
Actually I'm fucking smashed!
So I go into this place,
walk in there, you know,
world-class dump.
Listen to this.
Do you know that
the Lower East Side at one time
was considered
the gateway to America?
- Why would I know that?
- Gateway to America?
No, I don't think so.
That's beside the fucking point.
Let's get back to the club.
I'm walking across this bar
and it's black and it's dark
and they don't have
a fucking stage,
there's no stage.
So, there's this speaker
sitting there,
it's sitting on the floor,
dusty, made of plywood, gray.
I mean, the whole
fucking place is dismal.
I sit down and I fall into
the speaker, I fall asleep.
I'm there sleeping,
and then all of a sudden...
[imitates loud music]
♪ And this fucking song
is playing ♪
♪ On the road again ♪
And ever since that time,
my right ear has been ringing
consistently, right?
I hate that band.
You can't blame the band
for that.
Blame? Yeah.
Well, here's how it works,
okay, on Earth?
Actually, that's how
the fucking solar system works.
Anybody, anywhere, anytime,
can blame anybody else
for anything
so they aren't responsible.
It's a pile of lies.
The end.
No more lollipops for Dwight.
[chuckling]
- No, no--
- Gimme.
- You're cut off.
- Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That's it, you're done.
You're cut off.'
- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
- No more.
- [chuckling]
- [Mitch] Okay.
I guess it's naptime.
[Dwight]
I could use a nap anyway.
[Bodhi]
Good. Sleep it off.
Yeah, you know what?
Take him in to get reshod.
That gait's a little wonky.
- Armand.
- Mr. Thresher, how are you?
Please, call me Cal.
- Good to see you.
- Margaret here?
Uh, I'm not sure.
Uh, she was here earlier.
Sometimes she ducks out
when she has an appointment.
- How's the family, the kids?
- Everybody's great.
- Thanks to you.
- Yeah.
Do you want me
to take out Hunter
or one of your other ones?
I'm actually here to see you.
Oh, what's up?
The story you told me
the other day
about your family's...
What's this?
Just keep it.
Think nothing of it.
I-I, this is--
Family, right?
Actually, I do have a question.
Manfredi, where does he
get his product, exactly?
You know, for his weed store?
I have no idea, honestly.
Some place up north, I think.
Lot of places up north.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I know he's looking at
a new spot near, um, Galena.
Some wind farm.
He's up there right now, actually.
- Galena?
- That a bad thing?
No, just curious.
It's good to know what your
competition's up to, right?
Thanks, Armand.
- Say hi to Margaret for me.
- Yeah.
Fuck.
What are we gonna
tell this prick?
Hmm?
- Who? Bevilaqua?
- Yeah.
Why do we got
to tell him anything?
- Dwight's his problem.
- That's true. [scoffs]
We even tried
to fuckin' help him.
I mean, Dwight ain't
kicking up to us,
so how are we responsible?
Perception. You know?
W-We look fuckin' weak
with him out there.
Except we're not.
What your old man would've did?
He would've told Bevilaqua
to go fuck himself.
[chuckling]
And the horse he rode in on.
[laughs]
"Get the fuck outta here."
[laughter]
Those fuckin' eyes.
You know,
my-my father wasn't as tough
as you fuckin' think he was.
Pete?
- [chuckling]
- Are you fuckin' kidding me?
I mean, he ain't here
no more, right?
Who's in charge?
You are, of course.
And how did that come to pass?
- He died, your father.
- Exactly.
He died.
Because I'm so fuckin' weak.
I mean, you should've seen him
in that bathtub.
Like a-a wet baby chick,
fuckin'--
fuckin' hair standing up.
[muffled screams]
Legs kicking like crazy.
Fuck you mean?
Nothing.
All's I'm saying is this:
There's only so much shit
a man can take.
And that's from fuckin' anybody.
♪ tense, quiet music
♪
[grunts]
[upbeat music playing on video]
[workout video instructor]
Eight.
Nine.
And ten.
Good.
Now we'll do some lunges.
- [grunts]
[exhales]
One.
- [sighs]
- Two.
[vehicle approaching]
- Three.
- [sighs]
[engine revving]
♪ tense, dark music
Who the fuck sent you?
Motherfucker.
♪ percussive, intriguing music
♪
[sighs softly]
[groans]
How far away are we?
We almost there.
Oh, good.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm good,
I've slept it off.
I am ready to do some business,
clear as a bell.
Right, guys?
Yeah.
♪
- Jimmy.
- [Jimmy] Hey, Dwight.
- How was the trip?
- [Dwight] "How was the trip?"
What do you think, Bodhi?
I think it was kind of peaceful,
don't you think?
I enjoyed it.
[Jimmy]
Meet Med Hat.
- Nice to meet you.
- [Jimmy] His son, Ahanu.
Guys, meet Dwight,
Mitch, Tyson and Bodhi.
They call Dwight "The General."
Oh.
Eh, don't believe
everything you hear.
You better hope
we never go to battle.
Well, that's up to your father.
Anyway, Jimmy told you
why we're here, right?
[Med Hat]
He did.
In exchange for fronting
your wind farm
on what's now considered
Quapaw Nation territory,
we want 20%
of all energy generated
to be diverted to tribal areas
where it's most needed.
- 20%...
- [Med Hat] Mm-hmm.
Reasonable.
We also want 20% of all your
hydroponic weed profits.
- [chuckles]
- Not reasonable.
I got another offer
less than an hour ago.
From who?
White guy.
One of your competitors.
His name wouldn't happen
to be Thresher, right?
[chuckles softly]
Could be.
You interested or not?
[Tyson] Hey, yo,
listen here, little man.
Go find an ice cream truck
or something.
Keep your ass busy.
[scoffs] Fuck's that mean?
No. Relax.
Look, you know, we came up here
because we thought
we had a deal.
You're growing marijuana
on our land.
We deserve a share.
-"Deserve." Well... [chuckles]
- Yeah.
In my culture,
we have a different definition
for the word "deserve."
[Ahanu] Well, you have people
have different definitions
for everything in your culture,
depending what you're
trying to steal from us.
Oh, hey, not stealing
anything, pal.
I think we ought
to push the pause button.
What do you think, Chief?
Let's do that.
[conversing quietly]
So what the fuck do you think?
With five, ten K wind turbines,
we're looking at optimally--
and I do mean optimally--
750,000 kilowatt hours per year.
Minus the Quapaw tax,
we've got 60 for our own use.
It's pricy, but doable.
Enough to fuel
our other interests?
I can make it work.
You can?
Okay, this Thresher
is really getting to me.
You and me both.
Mr. Manfredi,
before you continue,
my son has something
he'd like to say.
I'm sorry the way
I spoke to you.
It was... disrespectful.
Hey, apology accepted.
No problem.
Now, I know you want 20%,
but how about this?
10% and you get 2% a year
for the next five years
and then you're whole at 20.
Very nice.
But the deal is:
wind and grow, 20, 20.
Or I accept my other offer.
[Tyson]
Straight up, man,
the guy who offered you
the last deal
- is a douchebag.
- That's correct.
It's not my problem.
[sighs]
There's a tribal grant program
for $2.5 million dollars.
These turbines need repair.
We can help with that.
Deal.
Great, General.
- Hey.
- [Med Hat] It's a shame
Custer wasn't
half as reasonable, eh?
Now, see, he was a douchebag.
- That's the problem.
- [laughter]
See you guys later.
- See you around.
- Later, guys.
♪ exciting rock music
♪
[engine shuts off]
Who the fuck sent you, huh?
Who the fuck sent you?
Bevilaqua?
Speak!
- [muffled speech]
- Fuck are you trying to say?
[muffled plea]
Uber Eats. Uber Eats.
I'm delivering for Uber Eats.
- [driver] Huh?
- Sorry.
I was expecting somebody else.
[whispers] What the fuck?
[Tyson] Man, what kind of name
is Med Hat, anyway?
- Med Hat?
- Yeah.
That's a good question.
What do you think, Mr. Wizard?
Uh, Medicine Hat.
It's a city in Canada.
Alberta, I think.
Look, anybody named
after a city, that's weird.
Uh, Eugene Levy.
Sydney Pollock.
- Indiana Jones.
- [laughs]
- [Tyson] Like, who else?
- [Dwight] Enough, enough.
Do you want to stop
for a second?
How's it going with
that hydroponic thing?
When are we gonna get it
up and running?
Uh, it depends on
the condition of the turbines,
but I'd say maybe two weeks
to get the hydroponic set up,
and then, seed to market,
maybe four months,
depending on the strain.
- Let's call her five.
- Okay.
My sister's been thinking about
getting into the weed business.
- What do you think?
- Hmm.
Does she have any experience?
Sorta.
She got so high once,
I saved her
from falling off a balcony
during a Led Zeppelin concert
at the Fillmore East.
Does that qualify?
- That's a start.
- [chuckles]
How about sales?
Oh, she can sell.
She belonged to the Girl Scouts,
believe it or not.
She sold more cookies
than all the troopers,
or whatever they're called,
put together.
How'd she do that?
She set up a table outside
- a Weight Watchers building.
- [laughter]
- Crazy.
- [Dwight] Cleaned 'em out.
Just cleaned 'em out.
- They ate everything.
- Fucking genius.
Okay.
So you think you can do that?
Do I have a choice?
Not really.
- Yeah, I figured.
- Listen.
[Mitch]
Yeah.
Why don't we drive
to Donnie Shore's?
Now, that's what
I'm talking about.
We finna get a new car?
[Mitch]
Oh, we're fixing to get about
200 new fucking cars.
- [Tyson] Yes, sir!
- Yeah!
Two hundred. Here we go.
♪ energetic music
♪
Hey, Donnie.
We're back.
How are you?
Wow.
Got enough pictures
of yourself? [chuckles]
Mr. Manfredi.
Mitch.
So Mitch tells me
you're interested
in selling this joint.
Now, th-this ain't gonna be
one of those
"offer I can't refuse"
situations,
- is it?
- [chuckles]
Sense of humor.
No, this is gonna be
an arm's-length transaction.
Oh. Well, then,
if the price is right,
I-I think anything's possible.
- Oh, good.
- Good.
So, what do you make a year
in this place?
Before or after
you moved to Tulsa?
[chuckles]
He's killing me.
Let's say before.
- Very nice.
- Mm.
All right, and what are you
asking for the place?
Hmm.
Ouch.
That seems a bit high,
don't it, Donnie?
Be-Because the real value
is in my licenses.
See, we're grandfathered
in perpetuity
to sell GM products.
Just for this place?
In this place
or a hundred others,
no restrictions.
- Hmm.
- [Mitch] Those licenses,
they're transferable?
One hundred percent.
I mean,
you'd have to get approval
from their rep,
but that's just a formality.
Formality?
Okay, let's say
we buy this place.
Would you be willing
to stick around
until we get rolling?
Well, uh...
a-as long as
I'm in Florida by winter.
Oh, you will be.
One last question.
Would you buy a car
from this guy?
[chuckles] Sure would.
- Then we got a deal.
- Aw, you charmer.
Good answer.
♪ up-tempo music
♪
[Vince] Gotta get
this place cleaned up,
get him home.
You sure you don't need help
loading him into the car?
I'll manage.
- Well, take it easy.
- Yeah.
You, too.
[lock clicks]
[phone buzzing]
Chickie.
[phone continues buzzing]
Chick.
[Chickie grunts]
Yeah?
Chickie.
He's out at the moment.
- This Vince?
- Speaking.
You up to speed?
- Tulsa.
Your boss was supposed to
call me back, make things right.
I haven't heard a peep.
Makes me think maybe
I put too much weight
in the relevance
of New York nowadays.
Where is Nero?
Is he dodging my calls?
You came at the king
and you missed.
Fucking blew it.
I fucking blew it?
Who gave me the information
on this fucking Goodie?
Well, regardless, okay?
You got our friend in Tulsa
on heightened alert.
Makes things tricky.
It sounds like there's
a suggestion in there.
Conversation.
With all interested parties.
You mean us.
You and me.
For starters.
I'll reach out again
through proper channels.
♪ ominous music
♪
[acoustic guitar strumming
easily]
♪ All I know is
I've been running ♪
♪ Silently
♪
[Dwight]
Hey, Mitch.
[Mitch]
What's up, buddy?
Am I in too deep?
What do you mean?
Well, I can't leave
well enough alone.
I keep pushing.
I'm like those guys
that jump out of
a friggin' airplane.
No common sense.
Well, some people are
born without it.
Yeah, that's me.
My father, he was a barber.
Good guy. Worked hard.
My mother? Couldn't ask for
a better mother.
She cooked great,
took care of me.
Clothes were always clean,
roof over my head.
"Better go to church." I did.
And I turn out to be
a fucking gangster?
It's a dilemma.
You're Columbus, my friend.
What's that, an Italian dig?
No, come on. I mean...
[stammers]
You're a seeker.
Marco Polo.
Whoever the fuck.
They spent their entire lives
just searching for something.
And then when they finally
find that something,
they're never satisfied.
They have to hurry up, go out,
find the next thing,
the bigger thing.
- Hmm.
- The better thing.
Until they sail
over the edge of the Earth.
Maybe because they might.
Now, danger,
it's intoxicating.
That's for sure.
That little feeling
in the pit of your stomach
where shit's about
to hit the fan.
Yeah, somewhere in between
exhilaration and panic.
[laughs]
That's the dilemma.
But there's nothing like it
in the world.
[laughs]
[Thresher]
What's the status on the field?
[Ming]
Which field?
Poppy.
Getting to it.
Well, when you do,
I want my cut.
Fifty percent of everything
you've made so far.
Poppies were not part
of our arrangement.
Anything grown on my soil
is our arrangement.
Your soil?
You are richly compensated.
We owe you nothing more than
what was agreed to.
Maybe you've forgotten
I've got the U.S. Attorney
in my back pocket.
Don't force my hand, Jackie.
You won't like it.
[speaking Chinese]
They're ready.
So these are the thieves.
You all came here
for a better life.
Translate.
[speaking Chinese]
- Work, food, shelter.
- [translation continues]
An opportunity for those
who show proper work ethic.
I offered you
the American fucking dream,
and all I asked in exchange
was one thing: no stealing.
[Thresher]
Pretty simple. One rule.
Do not steal, or be prepared
to pay the consequences.
Now, these men, well...
...they got greedy.
These men thought that they can
make even more money
by stealing from me.
- [fence rattles]
- [workers gasp]
These men made a big mistake.
So, let this be your lesson.
[alarmed chatter]
What the fuck?
What are you doing?!
This is what happen
when my hand is forced.
[laughs]
No one takes money
from my pocket.
The poppy stays.
♪ haunting music
♪
♪ upbeat, dramatic music